ah no no hey guess what hey what am i a
ramaya lawyer
what am i a ha ha ha ha um come on in
let's go what's this Tessa my dad ha ha
ha ha ha
always prepare thumbs and now huh
got room for finest you got your arms
online defense that laser system for me
yeah Special Forces here Shannon tip I'm
hectic sir what I live in Annapolis I
cooked up oh hey
I'm okay Jeff all those banana cooped up
Flagler's oh yeah I'll be careful now
targeting cursors no no no Sid oh the
building is captured ha ha it's a
continuity well that is our getting to
heaven
yes sir wanna make some improvements
what's the mission sir Hey ha ha ha
advancing aircraft uh so a so that's all
just a nail yes sir hahaha Hey just
another funny
hey what problems have like waffle
actively Russell unique taste wine the
Texaco hockey it up
keep advancing commencing lighter right
and like US citizen wanted let's go
forward
hey hey hey careful now Oh any aircraft
Oh John da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da yeah can
we go let's turn it on I'm up Netta
Saddam I like my banana I thought a
Sabbath coffee always disgraceful God
upgrade hmm missile launcher didn't know
how the foot to the Sabbath I want to
blow something up sure thing I saw you
saw you
I don't fish up ah first ha ha ha ha
just ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha yes it's a
salt
ha ha ha ha ha yes